very good again family Well I have to
tell you that I feel terrible today, I mean I've been like
a rag all day I've had wrinkles all day
and I'm not like I say in fact I
even took the Coby test
because I thought I was having Well
in fact I'm sorry I'm not having
very similar symptoms and I feel the
same as I did when I had it
the truth is that sincerely I have a
very similar sensation a sore
throat and a very similar itchy throat
from time to time a
very similar stabbing in the head But well tell you
that I have tested negative and it doesn't seem to be that
no I didn't choose and I have a cold but
incredible no It turns out that well I was going to
resume the live shows today I was going to
connect at night I have a lot of
things to tell you I have a lot of things
to comment but whatever I feel
completely
weak I feel I don't feel
well the truth is I don't feel like being
live
Can I record some videos Because
honestly by making an effort I can
record it and comment on it is worth it so that
you have content I ask you all to
rate it please and anyone who is
entering this video
to subscribe okay  like everyone
who is entering this video if the
video has 30,000 views that it has
30,000 likes and that
absolutely every person who sees this
video subscribes because I am going to make the effort to
bring you this information so that you
have it before any other place okay it is
very important tomorrow I will resume the
live shows I do
n't know if here to be interested or because in
the afternoon I was supposed to have a party
with the new neighbors to introduce ourselves
and so on But anyway we'll see okay
the question news on the subject
Rocío Carrasco Fidel alleged separation
and Anabel dueñas involved things look
very strange look that I from the beginning
absolutely from the beginning you already
know that I have not liked
speculation and these rumors
and I have always seen it as nonsense and I
was even thinking that some
headlines and so on were very exaggerated or
recap
Fidel is not accompanying Rocío to the
collaborations that she is doing with the
television factory this according to several
YouTube channels that have contact
with some workers of the chain
would be affirming that Rocío arrives
alone that  when before Fidel was always
controlling everything that was said
controlling the scripts rubbing shoulders with
the directors Now it seems that
she is not there and that's it It is also worth noting
that yesterday Rocío Carrasco had a
very nice and important event also
with her family to collect an award for
her father Pedro Carrasco for his
boxing career in which Fidel was not there either
this afternoon we were commenting that there was
a catch in which Fidel
accompanied Anabel Dueñas on a trip to
Plasencia because Anabel Dueñas has done
Well Keep doing these
tribute shows to Rocío Jurado I don't know
why they have her even
real girl I have nothing against her
no I think it falls that she sings badly but the thing is that she does
not sing like Rocío Jurado I mean she does not
have it she is not the right person to
interpret and to more pay tribute to
Rocío Jurado and I say this with all the
respect in the world Many
people would like to sing like Anabel but she
is not the right one really things
because of cronyism and things always to
place my friend here and give a
job to my friend do not work and they do not
usually  end well it seems very curious to me
that after so many years in
business they still end up getting along
because when there is business at work
money of and a half in the end people
end up fighting That is why it is always said
not to open a business with your family,
not to make investments together with your
parents, not to work together, not
siblings for example, friends, no because that is where
the friendship is broken, well these people,
not these people It seems that they always
continue maintaining that relationship and that
complicity that exists there are people who do not
understand why Anabel they take her as
if she were a daughter everywhere and Well, it
seems that now
something is happening Yesterday they also released these
photographs that a lady published
on Twitter and it is going viral
okay this photograph is Fidel It's not a
problem because it is published it is a
photograph of a public figure in a
bar if I were the lady I would have
censored the rest of the faces no but I
imagine that it will be the colleagues of the one from
the work and so on no And this lady
publishes a photograph of Fidel in a
bar
And she also asks Fidel for a photo inside
the bar after a photo with him and she also
takes a photo  with Anabel in my
opinion the photograph that she took of Fidel
at the bar is in very bad taste
and very rude okay I understand
that the fuchsia tide on many occasions
are quite rude no and they don't
understand how they do things and
where the limits are But hey they are
people who are audiences of the
television factory and these things at the same time
normal if this gentleman let's see that
nothing is going to happen to you legally
nothing is going to happen to you legally because in the end he is
a public figure who is in a bar
that is full of people he is not doing
anything wrong I mean if he were the best thing I can
tell you if you record a
conversation or something like that Well maybe he's
going too far okay But hey he's
not doing anything wrong he's
just sitting at the bar we don't
even know what he's eating okay with
that I say it all but hey it's
further proof that yesterday Fidel who was also
asked in the mirror not in the
mirror well he
was accompanying Anabel on her trip
no more no less than to Plasencia and
this lady publishes the photograph with
Fidel and  I imagine that with Well when
you take a photo with a person you
give
consent that this person can
put the photo on their networks or whatever
no my colleague Enrique just uploaded
a video indicating that Anabel has deleted
the story where Fidel was caught
from behind
I really don't know if
the story has expired because I think it had
n't expired yet Or that there were several
stories and she just deleted the
middle one I don't know but well here according to my
colleague Enrique he had deleted it and it is
no longer on his
Instagram account okay It would no longer be in his
stories and then we have Diego
Arrabal
who is looking right now in these moments
in the live he is with almost
10,000 people I am very happy for
my colleague I think it is a fact that
right now in This streak because you already
know that This goes by streak Today it's me
Tomorrow is another Tomorrow it's the one on the motorcycle
okay but you already know that it goes by
streaks no It depends depends on how
people feel and the schedules and so on
But well It seems that right now
we can affirm without fear that  my
pulse trembles that Diego Arrabal would be
the person on YouTube who right now in
the live shows has the highest audience
in our little group of the heart,
okay with almost 10,000 viewers he is
at this moment eh I think the
schedule also does a lot but well I am
very happy and I congratulate him
and Diego has uploaded a video today look
right now he is talking about the subject he
is sharing the same photographs
that we are sharing and so on
and Diego is right now
talking about the subject and this afternoon he uploaded
a video saying that he was going to talk about
this and that he was going to give news about the
separation Diego is already talking to us about a
separation So nothing family I think
the river is sounding too strong there
is already a powerful current here we will
see what it is that this ends in if they
are simply rumors and whispers of
the people or really let's see to me it
would seem very strong because there are already people
who are speculating even that Fidel
with Anabel or something like that that Anabel I
had I think they are friends I
think they are friends and that's it they
trust each other and they have complicity But
well
we will see  If we see, let's see if at
least the breakup thing is true,
family, I send you a huge hug and we'll
see you in the next video. Bye.